README.md, before:

# pydiscogs

A collection of shared cogs to be used to implement features across discord bots

## Steps to set up virtual environment

Create a virtual environment folder called 'env'

- `python3 -m venv env`
- `source env/bin/activate`
- `python3 -m pip install --upgrade pip`
- `python3 -m pip install --upgrade build`
- `python3 -m pip install --upgrade twine`

## Steps to build and upload to pypi

Should be run in virtual environment

- `python3 -m build`
- `python3 -m twine upload --repository testpypi dist/* --verbose`
- `pip install -i https://test.pypi.org/simple/ --extra-index-url https://pypi.org/simple pydiscogs-bpafoshizle==[VERSION]`

## Importing

The name of the module to import is completely independent of the name of your package on pypi. The import name is ultimately derived from the name of the folder in which you house your source when you run the `python -m build` command.

## Testing

Run the following from the top level directory.

`python -m unittest discover -v -s src`

This will test an individual file.

`python -m unittest discover -v src -p 'test_stocks.py'`


## Development WIP
```python
twitch_client = twitchio.Client.from_client_credentials(
            client_id=os.getenv("TWITCH_BOT_CLIENT_ID"),
            client_secret=os.getenv("TWITCH_BOT_CLIENT_SECRET"),
        )

twitch_eventsub_client = eventsub.EventSubClient(
            client=twitch_client,
            webhook_secret=os.getenv("TWITCH_WEBHOOK_SECRET"),
            callback_route="https://bpafoshizle.com/webhooks/callback"
        )
        
users = asyncio.run(twitch_client.fetch_users(join_channels))
# [<User id=108647345 name=bpafoshizle display_name=bpafoshizle type=UserTypeEnum.none>, <User id=235807313 name=ephenry84 display_name=ephenry84 type=UserTypeEnum.none>, <User id=168197731 name=elzblazin display_name=elzblazin type=UserTypeEnum.none>, <User id=643319849 name=kuhouseii display_name=KuhouseII type=UserTypeEnum.none>, <User id=653518175 name=fwm_bot display_name=FWM_Bot type=UserTypeEnum.none>]
response = asyncio.run(twitch_eventsub_client.subscribe_channel_stream_start(108647345))
```

Commit message:

Update setup.cfg (#27)
* updated setup.cfg to point to pycord==2.3.2 official pypi release

* testing sharing of artifacts to set up environment vars

* trying changing the name of the file, maybe a conflict with actual env dir

* trying for simpler fewer steps passing of string

* added test-python again

* trying a level of escapage

* removing quotes

* trying multistep approach with env var setup

* trying env var across jobs

* forgot to remove from other

* trying something crazy with outputs

* trying recommended way from github warning

* just trying the file method

* renamed environment.sh to be test-environment.sh to be explicit. pattern remains

* adding linter-rules-path input

* cleaned up markdown per linter

README.md, after:

# pydiscogs

A collection of shared cogs to be used to implement features across discord bots

## Steps to set up virtual environment

Create a virtual environment folder called 'env'

- `python3 -m venv env`
- `source env/bin/activate`
- `python3 -m pip install --upgrade pip`
- `python3 -m pip install --upgrade build`
- `python3 -m pip install --upgrade twine`

## Steps to build and upload to pypi

Should be run in virtual environment

- `python3 -m build`
- `python3 -m twine upload --repository testpypi dist/* --verbose`
- `pip install -i https://test.pypi.org/simple/ --extra-index-url https://pypi.org/simple pydiscogs-bpafoshizle==[VERSION]`

## Importing

The name of the module to import is completely independent of the name of your package on pypi. The import name is ultimately derived from the name of the folder in which you house your source when you run the `python -m build` command.

## Testing

Run the following from the top level directory.

`python -m unittest discover -v -s src`

This will test an individual file.

`python -m unittest discover -v src -p 'test_stocks.py'`


## Specifying Depedency from Git in setup.cfg

Now that I am switching over to official pypi version of pycord, I didn't want to lose this syntax for posterity, since it was difficult to find and figure out. Will come in useful again I am sure.

```yaml
install_requires =
    py_cord @ git+https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord@master
    bs4==0.0.1
    pytz==2021.1
    twitchio>=2.0.2
    asyncpraw==7.5.0
    gfycat==0.2.2
    pyaml-env==1.1.3
```

## Specifying dependency from git in requirements.txt

This one is more common than the need to do this in the setup.cfg, but preserving it here in any case.
`git+https://github.com/Pycord-Development/pycord@master#egg=py_cord`
